Last time on yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
VETRIX: Finally the
moment has come!
I will drain Hart's power
from him and make it mine!
My plan for revenge can
at long last be fulfilled!
With my new Power, dr.
Faker will have no chance!
KITE: Are you the ones
who took my brother?
Where is he?
Quattro: If you want to save the
kid, you don't have any choice!
You'll have to get
past us first.
Astral: This will be...
a tag team duel!
TOGETHER: Let's do this!
Puppet of strings, cut
galaxy-Eyes down to size!
Celestial slash!
YUMA: Please Kite...
we can't let quattro win!
Think of what'll happen
to your brother.
Hart: Kite, please help me!
Just hang on, Hart!
I will save you!
Here, Kite!
You can use my power!
Trey: He's up?
Neo galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon,
blast machu mech with ultimate
photon stream of destruction!
Rey, no!
Now,
I'm gonna take you
down, quattro!
Attack!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
Yeah, we did it, Kite!
Orbital 7: Yeeeeah!
They won! Victory!
This is... embarrassing.
We just lost. We lost!
What's wrong?
You okay?
Master Kite!
You're finished.
Now tell me where Hart is.
Where's my brother?
Sorry.
All of a sudden,
I can't remember.
Okay, I gotcha.
Well maybe you won't talk,
but your soul will!
What's this?
Aaaagh!
I cannot recover their numbers.
Astral!
What?
What was that just now?
Is that...
what happened?
I am not sure.
Heh, nice try.
But this crest that
we bear protects
us from your little tricks.
You can't touch us!
You and your little Buddy
May've lucked out this time,
but... what?
No, not...
TORI: Whoa, he vanished!
Who is that being?
Come, Trey.
It's time to go home.
Where's my brother?
Tell me...
Trey, come.
Where have you taken Hart?
No!
Get back here!
Where did they go?
They just...
they vanished!
Hart...
QUINTON: Your brother
is right here.
Hart!
Are you okay?
Hart, talk to me.
Hey, I remember you.
You're that guy from the tower.
I'm Hart's friend.
I'm here to help.
Wait. Uh... hang on...
Hart will be perfectly
safe with me, I assure you.
Let's go.
So, uh... who's side are
you supposed to be...
what's going on?
What've you done with Hart?
Don't hurt him!
Hart, what did they do to you?
Master Hart.
Who are you?
What did you want with
my little brother?
That's a simple question
with a very complex answer.
Perhaps another time.
You should know that after all
he went through, he still had a
little strength left but,
he chose to give it to you.
What?
Here, Kite!
You can use my power!
You mean he's like
this 'cause of me?
You've got a lot of
explaining to do, pal.
Start talking!
It's you again. You're as
persistent as your father.
Huh?
What do you know
about my father?
Your father is alive,
yuma. He's in astral world.
What if that guy was
serious back there?
What do you mean my
dad's in astral world?
Is that where you're from?
Is he there right now?
Wait, hang on!
Tell me what you meant by that!
Have you seen my dad?
Can you take me to him?
Wait!
Don't leave!
Astral world. Hey wait a minute,
if that's where you're from,
does that mean you
might know my dad?
I do not know.
I have no memories of him.
So then maybe one of the
numbers we don't have yet has a
memory of my dad. We've gotta
gather as many as we can.
Why do you even
hunt numbers anyway?
Well, answer me!
I do it because
it's the only way
I can save my little brother.
Hart isn't well.
But if we get the numbers,
Kite won't be able
to make Hart better.
But if what Hart said
at the tower is True,
I'm on a mission to
destroy astral world.
And if my dad really
is in astral world,
then that would mean...
aaaargh, this stinks!
I dunno what to do, it's
like no matter what happens,
things are gonna end badly!
Wait a sec!
One thing at a time!
I know where my dad might be!
Astral world, here I come!
I'm comin', dad!
Hey!
Yuma, wait!
Hart!
Where are you taking him?
Nistro: Calm down!
Go for a walk or something.
Move it.
You know I can't let you
past these doors, Kite.
So you're not gonna move?
Alright then, guess we're
doin' this the hard way!
Dextra: Back off, Kite!
You have to trust
Mr. Heartland.
He'll do everything he can.
I know that you're concerned
about your brother Kite, but...
you can't help him now.
Tell me, why didn't you
inform the rest of us when you
discovered that the
original number had
aligned with yuma tsukumo?
You know about that?
We do.
Well don't you worry.
I plan on dealing with him.
"dealing with him?"
you two just had a tag duel
like a couple of chums.
I hear you did well together.
I will deal with him, Kite.
Leave him to me.
You do not wanna
get in my way, nistro.
Bad things will happen.
Dr. Faker: Oh Hart,
I can't help but fear that this
state you're in is all my fault!
Dear boy...
Mr. Heartland: Rest assured
Dr. Faker, my people are
doing everything they can.
Who did this to him,
Mr. Heartland?
Tell me, who took his power?
According to Kite's report,
it was the work of a group of
individuals bearing
a powerful crest.
A crest?
Whoever they are, they will no
doubt show themselves in the
duel carnival finals.
And when they do, I want you
to make them pay for this!
I don't care how you
do it, heartland!
But you must recover
Hart's power!
Yes sir.
You do not know how
to get to astral world.
That occurred to me.
But, when he disappeared,
my dad was looking for
the edge of the world.
So that's what I'm gonna do!
And what about the numbers?
What about helping
me recover my memories?
C'mon, don't try to guilt me.
It's just, he's my dad.
I've gotta bring him back.
Alright, let's do this!
KARI: So what's
in the bag, yuma?
Are you finally
doing your laundry?
You're probably not
gonna believe me.
But there's something
you need to know.
Is this about dad being in some
alternate universe or something?
Yeah, Tori told
me everything.
So what, you're gonna
go to this other world?
False.
Now just go back inside.
Look, as much as I'd love to sit
and explain all this, I can't.
And now if you'll excuse me...
later!
Yuma, wait a sec!
Don't worry dad, I'm gonna find
you, no matter what it takes.
Roku: So, does this mean you're
giving up on the duel carnival?
Who's there?
Up here!
Long time no see, yuma!
Master roku!
It's been like forever since you
kicked my Butt in the sanctuary.
How have ya' been, old-Timer?
You have the look of someone
who's running away from
something. What are you
running from, yuma?
Well...
I wanted to see what my
promising young pupil was up to,
so I came down
from the mountain.
I expected to find you
giving the duel carnival all
you've got.
Little did I know
that you were facing
such a difficult situation.
Oh great, so it sounds
like you understand.
I'll be going now.
Not so fast!
I hereby challenge
you to a duel!
Thing is, I'm really not in a
dueling mood right now, so uh...
what?
I am your dueling master!
And my request
will not be denied!
If you think you're ready to
do what you're about to do,
then prove it.
Alright, let's do this thing.
I cannot lend
you any assistance.
I think you need
to do this alone.
I don't need any
help proving myself!
Bring it!
You asked for it, gramps!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer Let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I can feel Hart's power
beginning to awaken inside me.
It's my turn!
I draw!
nice, that's what
i was lookin' for!
I'm summoning gagaga girl!
How do ya' like them
apples, old timer?
My field is loaded with
monsters ready to attack!
I can end this right now.
Gagaga girl is
leading the attack!
Gagaga charge!
Now, everybody!
Attack!
I reveal my trap card!
Mirror force!
You destroyed them. All of them!
You were so impatient to end
this that you didn't
stop to strategize.
Yeah well, I've still got
the advantage, old-Timer.
I end my turn!
Hmph,
let's look into
that "Advantage."
Interesting.
Seems I'll be summoning
queen's Knight in attack mode.
And now I'll summon the
king's Knight to join his queen.
Now the virtuous
couple is United,
But the royal court
is not yet complete!
When King's Knight and queen's
Knight are both on the field, I
can summon another Card
directly from my deck.
Time to make way
for Jack's Knight!
Not good.
I activate polymerization!
With this spell, their powers
fuse together to give rise to
the defender of the
imperial throne!
Arcana Knight joker!
It's got thirty-Eight
hundred attack points?
Seriously?
You thought you
had the advantage,
but you were blinded
by your impatience!
This Duel is over. Arcana Knight
joker attack yuma directly!
Yuma!
C'mon!
Let's duel again!
No!
What are so you
impatient for, yuma?
In your current state,
you could never defeat me.
Right now you're a fool!
All impulse and no thought.
It's just that, I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
If I help astral,
Hart gets hurt.
But if Hart's trying
to destroy astral world
and my dad's there, then...
so you decided you would
run away from your problem?
It's not that.
Running off to find your father
is certainly brave in theory.
But with you not knowing where
to even start looking, really it
seems you're just running off.
And look at all you'd be
abandoning - Your dueling, the
carnival, your friend astral.
All that you've been
fighting for and training for.
I think you're scared
to face your problem.
But yuma, I want you
to look at your feet.
Those feet are firmly
rooted in dueling.
You can't just
walk away from it.
No more than you
could outrun yourself.
Dueling is the bond
between you and your father.
You must trust that the path of
the duelist will lead you to the
answers you seek.
Okay, Yeah.
You're right!
I can totally do this,
I just gotta take it
one duel at a time!
This power!
It's like nothing
I've ever felt before!
Even with the crest, I'm having
a hard time controlling it!
Hope you're ready, Dr. Faker.
Soon, I will ruin you with
the very power you so desire.
Your end is coming.
So the guy who's put this
whole duel carnival together.
Do you know anything about him?
Every light casts a shadow.
Every puppet has a puppeteer.
That is what I know.
Huh?
Mr. Heartland is just a face.
He's a smile and a voice,
but he is not the words.
Are you saying there's some
secret mastermind who really
calls the shots?
The man who's said to have
built heartland city
was a brilliant scientist
named Dr. Faker.
And what's his story?
His story is pretty
much a mystery.
Is he still here?
Has he moved on?
Nobody knows much about him
and that is most likely how
Dr. Faker wants it to be.
He did leave one time.
Your father led him
on an expedition.
In fact, it was your
father's last expedition before
disappearing.
Your father, Dr. Faker, and Mr.
Heartland are all connected.
This cannot be written off
as mere coincidence, yuma.
astral's right.
i have to keep going.
i have to win
the duel carnival.
What?
That boy just now?
Yes.
Yuma tsukumo has teamed
up with the original number.
Did you say tsukumo? As
in kazuma tsukumo's son?
Yes.
It can't be.
That's impossible.
that figure I saw at
the end of our duel.
i'm certain it was him. The
envoy from astral world.
but what's yuma's
connection with him?
Yuma tsukumo...
it's time to find
out more about you.
Choosing that card makes
choosing the one
before unnecessary.
You mentioned that!
But I want both cards in my
deck, so both cards it is!
Well then at least protect
it with that trap card.
Which trap card?
That one right there.
Let's win this thing, astral.
That is the plan.
Speaking of plans, you
got one for roku's snoring?